so
here is my 1971 honda ct70 in fairly
good original condition all original
paint it's got a few little scratches
here and there all the chrome is in
excellent condition I just refinished
the wheels obviously you can see they're
in great condition the seat only has one
minor little law at the bottom hardly
noticeable it's a three-speed automatic
I've replaced all the brakes on it and
all the balls in it it has fifteen
hundred and ninety-six original miles
all the original cables and wire ties
hand grips are all their original chrome
exhaust shocks are original it's got the
Buddy pegs on it original tires
nothing's been done to the engine all I
did was adjust the clutch and basically
I don't like to open up the engines if
there's nothing wrong with them there's
definitely nothing wrong with this one I
think overall it's a pretty nice bike
probably the worst scratch on it is
right here on the driver's side front
four and the engine covers need to be
refinished but i'll save that project
for next winter
you
she
so that was like the football spin
around the driveway I'm with 71 i also
have a 78 ct70 in excellent condition it
has a hundred and forty nine miles
you